Sun Life Community Church came into being as the result of a compelling vision for a different kind of church.
Interested in what we call the Sun Life, experiencing and sharing the life of God's Son?
Perhaps your heart is burdened these days.
We invite you to allow the Word of God through the words of this message to bring rest to your soul and joy to your heart.
Okay, so we're in Acts chapter 17.
How about a clap?
We got on a 16.
We've gone one through 16, and I think this is lesson like 52 or 53, and we're just got a ways to go.
But today we're entering new territory, we say here, Acts chapter 17, only going to get nine verses into it, but then again,
How many of you over the years have thought of Pastor Mark's doing nine verses?
That's a lot.
Sometimes we do a verse, a half a verse.
Come back the next week to finish it up.
Here we got nine.
So let me read them to you.
And tucked away, now don't look at your notes yet, because you got some blanks to fill in.
But before you look at them, tucked away in this passage are seven, what I'm calling, thought-provoking statements.
Now they may all relate to one another or they may be some of them just stand alone statements that came out of this passage that, that should provoke some thought in us.
And that's what I want to do this morning.
So here we go.
Let's read it together.
Acts chapter 17, beginning with verse one.
When Paul and his companion, by the way, where are they just leaving?
Philippi.
They've been in Philippi, which is a city in Macedonia, and now they're moving on through this new territory where they began just a few weeks ago.
And it says, when Paul and his companions had passed through Amphipolis and Epilonia, great names, they came to Thessalonica, that's a familiar one, where there was a Jewish synagogue.
As was his custom, Paul went into the synagogue
And on three Sabbath days, he reasoned with them from the Scriptures, explaining and proving that the Messiah had to suffer and rise from the dead.
This Jesus I am proclaiming to you is the Messiah, he said.
Some of the Jews were persuaded and joined Paul and Silas as did a large number of God-fearing Greeks and quite a few prominent women.
But other Jews were jealous.
So they rounded up some bad characters from the marketplace, formed a mob, and started a riot in the city.
They rushed to Jason's house in search of Paul and Silas in order to bring them out to the crowd.
But when they did not find them, they dragged Jason and some other believers before the city officials shouting, these men who have caused trouble all over the world have now come here.
And Jason,
has welcomed them into his home.
They are all defying Caesar's decrees, saying that there is another king, one called Jesus.
When they heard this, the crowd and the city officials were thrown into turmoil.
Then they made Jason and the others post bond and let them go.
So they were like they find them and sent them on their way.
Now as I said, there are seven
thought-provoking statements in that account.
Maybe you found them all.
As I've read it, maybe you said to yourself at least several times, now that's something to think about.
That's something to think about.
Well, we're going to go right through them.
Seven of them.
First one is this.
There was a Jewish synagogue.
Now that's thought-provoking in a sense because few cities in Macedonia had one, had enough Jews
where they could have a synagogue.
And to have a synagogue, you had to have at least 10 adult Jewish men.
And so this is pretty much a pagan area, pagan cities.
Speaking places for the God of Israel were few and far between.
When Paul and his team left Philippi, which you recall didn't have a synagogue, they passed through two more Macedonian towns that didn't have one either.
then they came to Thessalonica, which had a synagogue.
Paul was not only committed to taking the gospel to the juke first as a general principle of life, he was also committed to that principle, I'd say, as a basic strategy for ministry.
You see, Paul knew that many Jewish hearts
were ready to receive the gospel of Jesus Christ.
They had been raised on the Old Testament.
They knew the promises of God.
They were looking for their Messiah.
They were ready to discover that the Messiah had come.
And that was the message that Paul had to give.
So it's a good strategy to go to those people first and begin, form the foundations of a church, of a fellowship, of a place.
where the truth of Christ would be known.
And so Paul came.
He came to them as a spokesman for their God.
But there were very few places where Paul could be so recognized, where people were looking for a spokesman for the God of Israel.
And the thing, the thought that that statement
Here in this town there was a synagogue which was rather unique that provoked this thought.
Things today are not so different for those of us who would desire to declare spiritual truth.
For those who would desire to connect with people who are already embracing the fullness of God's truth and they just want to hear more.
They're brothers, sisters in the faith and as a delight to talk to them.
There are fewer and fewer places today, even in our own country, that regularly and truthfully speak of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Numerous are our former members who, upon leaving the area, have, like the Apostle Paul's little band, searched fruitlessly
For some place that apprehends the Christian life as we do here in this place, like Paul's little group, they find no synagogues, no actual house of worship like the one they left in the place where they have landed.
They find themselves in a lonely land.
Some of those people are tuned in right now.
They're part of this synagogue still.
They're part of this sanctuary still.
They're part of our life still.
And they would love to have this place reposition to where they are now.
They would love to walk into any city where they went and find people like you people at Sun Life Community Church would find somebody talking about the
our Abba Father and all His amazing goodness and learning how to bow the knee before Him and surrender themselves to Him in worship and in life.
Some place that would talk about Jesus, not as the one who's still, as it were, sneaking around this world, helping people, but He's the exalted Lord Himself in heaven who is doing great things in heaven, ministering for all those who belong to Him.
And they'd long to find someone else, some place else.
where people talk about the ever-present companion, the Holy Spirit, who is with them every moment of the day, who speaks to them, who encourages them, who builds them up, who gives them what they need.
They would yearn for that to find such a place where Christian truth is taught broadly, completely.
But back to our story.
The city of Thessalonica had a synagogue.
So rather than going through looking at the phone book, none here, looking at the phone book, none here, they come to Thessalonica and here is one.
There's at least enough Jews in here to have a synagogue.
There's enough people who believe in the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, enough people who will consider us to be their brothers in the faith that we can actually seek them out and begin talking about the things.
that are on our heart.
That's what Paul would have thought.
And so Paul and Silas and Timothy and Luke made sure that they were present when the doors of that synagogue opened up the very first Sabbath day that they were in town.
Now naturally, we've learned how this goes since these Jewish men were guests in that synagogue.
The local synagogue leaders invited them, as they always did, to share something.
perhaps a word from the Lord, or a word of encouragement to them.
And so Paul, Silas, they got their chance.
And here we come to our second thought-provoking statement.
Luke says, Paul, reasoned with them, reasoned with them.
You see, we put down here, Christianity is certainly reasonable, isn't it?
Christianity is not
nonsensical, is it?
It's not foolish.
You don't have to be an idiot to believe it, do you?
It's reasonable, reasonable that a God who created everything would love His creation.
That a God who loved, who created everything and loves His creation and then saw His creation, His created beings made in His own image fall into sin and fall away, that a God like that would want to redeem them.
And a God like that would understand it would take the greatest of sacrifices to redeem, fallen, rebellious, sinful mankind.
And then it makes the most sense in the world that a God like that would do whatever it took to provide a way that his own creation could be one back to him.
Christianity is
is reasonable, Paul's reasoning with them.
Now these Jewish people, they had all the Old Testament truth.
They knew how reasonable it was.
They knew how God loved them.
They knew how God had provided for them first through the sacrificial system and ultimately through a Messiah, He's promising them who would just be their King, their Savior, their everything.
Oh, they believe that.
But we say here,
Christianity is certainly reasonable, even if it's not probable.
Probable means easily believable, easily believable, or a thing that you'd just naturally expect to happen because you'd say it happens like that all the time.
Is probably going to happen?
No, nobody could conceive that the God
who created all would do the thing that he decided to do to provide salvation for us.
And it could only be happened once.
It could never happen again and again.
And so it's so probable it becomes ordinary and normal.
No, this gospel now, this gospel Paul's going to declare is reasonable.
It builds upon what they already know, but it's not anything that they would guess or imagine.
or come up with as being just a normal way that God works, even their God of the Old Testament.
You see, Paul loved to declare the truths of God, that the Bible says, stand eternal in the heavens.
It was a privilege to do so.
And so these are divine truths that we speak of and that Paul was reasoning with them, sharing divine truth with them.
And so the Christian faith is certainly not a faith for unthinking people, for people who are easily duped.
They fall for all kinds of stuff and they wind up in disasters.
The Christian faith is reasonable and logical and can be presented and people can be persuaded when the Holy Spirit just brings them into contact with it.
The Christian faith tells the most awesome and yet easily understood story ever told.
You see a three year old can understand it.
God sent his son Jesus into the world to die on the cross for our sins.
And you know you have sins, don't you?
Most three year olds do.
If you talk to them about it, have you ever done anything wrong?
Yeah.
four and five-year-olds certainly do.
How about 75-year-olds?
Do you know you got sin in your life?
Do you know there's sin in the world?
Are you familiar with what it means to sin, to disobey?
See, a three-year-old can understand and can accept the fact that God has provided a way they can be forgiven for their sins and they can have eternal life in heaven with Him one day.
three-year-old can understand it, accept it, though a PhD cannot even wrap his or her great mind completely around it.
For God says, my thoughts always will be higher than yours and my ways greater than yours.
So it takes faith to believe it, though it does not take a genius IQ to comprehend it.
However,
One big challenge in presenting this gospel is that though it is wonderfully reasonable, as I said, it's not all that probable, not all that likely.
And so as we question in one of the songs we sang, I would have really been impressed if we'd sung it this morning, there's a question in one of our songs that says, how many kings would give up their throne?
The answer to that is of course not many.
And if you're talking about the king of the universe, anyone would say, not in a million years.
And yet if you're talking about the long awaited Messiah and a Jewish person would say, never, he would never give up the throne.
Once he comes to take it, he comes to establish his throne, not abandon it.
So Paul had his work cut out for him.
Luke adds these words to the statement that we're presently looking at.
It says, Paul reasoned with them from the scriptures.
And that leads to thought-provoking statement three.
Explaining, Luke says this is what was going on, explaining and proving that the Messiah had to suffer and rise from the dead.
Reasoning with them from the scriptures,
that this Messiah they were looking for, this Messiah who was a promised King, who would be the heir of David, whose Sunday would sit on the throne of Israel and rule over, yes, the whole world, that this Messiah first would suffer and would die, would rise from the dead, and for him to say, and God's Word says so.
God's Word says so.
He reasoned
from the Scriptures.
Scripture knowledge is essential.
Take this one in.
You can't just speak Christian lay.
You must speak biblic lay.
Now I'm using that phrase because a pastor friend of mine who just recently retired from a lifelong ministry, a ministry where he faithfully and carefully preached the Word of God
going through it, line by line, verse by verse, book by book, over 50 years of ministry, just the same way that we would seek to do it here.
He faithfully taught the Word of God.
He never said anything that wasn't linked to God's Word.
God's Word came first, then the comments came later.
Well, I was talking to Him the other day and
asking how things are going in the church that he pastored for over 30 years and how the new fella is doing.
Isn't it amazing?
See, I'm now 77.
52 years ago, I was the new fella.
24 years old, right on a seminary.
And you know what?
I was as old as I'd ever been.
I couldn't imagine actually being older.
I was 24.
I was married.
We had a child.
I went through seminary and Christian college.
We were ready to go.
Now at 77, I think, a guy 24 years old.
My goodness.
How does he even do anything?
Well, this fellow that my friend was telling me about the new pastor in his church is not 24.
He's in his probably early 40s.
He's been in the ministry for a while.
And I asked, well, how's he doing?
He says, well, and he used this phrase.
I think he made up this phrase.
He says, well, he's been here a year or so now.
And as I listen to him, what he says is good.
He says, but he speaks Christianly, not biblically.
And what this
retired pastor meant wise, his messages aren't actually expositions of Scripture.
His messages convey truths that are generally consistent with Scripture and are thus Christian
And most Christians in the group might be nodding their head as he speaks and encourages them to live their life in a certain way.
But his style is not to read scripture and then let scripture lead to those comments.
He just speaks truth persuasively, entertainingly, and he speaks Christianly.
He says stuff that's Christianly
true.
But I said to you, that fellow is possibly heading down a very slippery slope.
Because what happens?
What happens if his topic or his notion on a particular topic is not actually biblical?
What if it's just his notion?
But he believes it and he sells it.
And it gets people nodding their head, yeah, yeah, that's right.
That's right.
We Christians ought to.
We Christians can.
We Christians, that's what the Christian life is.
What if some notion he shares that seems Christian actually isn't biblical?
No verse has been read to support it.
No biblical thought has led to it, but it's being presented.
Will he or his people even know that it's not biblical?
If it sounds Christian and sounds like it fits in to a Christian perspective.
See, we should always ask someone who speaks for God, what is the source of the things you are saying?
Why should I just take your word for it?
Now, if you're preaching right from the Bible, people don't have to ask that question, right?
because you're preaching right from the Bible.
They know the source.
But when you're not, they can rightfully say, what is the source of what you said this morning?
That was intriguing.
That was challenging maybe.
Maybe it was even exciting.
But where did it come from?
Why should I just take your word for it?
And what if I do believe it just because you said so?
Is that an okay thing?
Well, Pastor Mark said, does that settle it?
In a lot of places it does for people.
So we see here that Paul taught and reasoned from the scripture.
He pointed out to them that the prophetic passages that presented the promised Messiah as the one upon whom the Lamb to be the one upon whom the Lord would lay the iniquities of us all.
It's right there in the Old Testament scripture says that, that he would be like a lamb led to the slaughter.
Certainly Paul walked them all the way through Isaiah chapter 23.
And he pointed out to them as we said, that the Messiah had to suffer and then of course rise from the dead.
Now knowing that Christ's death and resurrection was prophesied, knowing that is absolutely foundational
to identifying Jesus as the Messiah, for He's the only one who has fulfilled that prophecy.
And so that we come to thought promoting statement 4.
Paul comes right out and says, this Jesus I am proclaiming to you is the Messiah.
See, He showed from the Scripture the Messiah must suffer
The Messiah will have the sins of the world put upon Himself.
The Messiah will be killed and the Messiah will be raised again and become the salvation, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world.
He said, this is coming.
This is really what our Messiah is going to be, among other things.
And then He says, this Jesus I'm proclaiming is that Messiah.
He has suffered.
He has died.
He has been raised from the dead by the power of God.
He has ascended into heaven.
He has even appeared to me and commissioned me to come and tell you about Him.
It's an open and shut case.
There's only one who could be the Messiah and He has come and it's Jesus Christ and we're declaring this to you.
So, in other words,
The only reason to reject Jesus as God's promised Messiah is if the eyes of your heart are blind to God's words and to God's workings in this world.
I would say that was Paul's closing argument in front of this jury of his peers, Jewish people, Jewish people who loved the Lord, loved the scripture.
Paul had made a reasoned argument
And this would be his closing statement.
His hope in prayer would be that they would just fall on their knees.
Fall on their knees as did the Philippian jailer just a few weeks earlier and say, what must I do to be saved?
I understand now what God has done to save me.
What must I do?
But as it worked out, they didn't do that.
Paul's words just rolled off their backs.
Most of them.
What this jury did, perhaps after taking a vote, is reported in thought provoking statement five, and here it is.
They formed a mob.
That's what they did.
They formed a mob and started a riot.
You get the impression they couldn't out reason, Paul.
None of them said, the scripture doesn't say that,
Isaiah's not somebody we trust.
I don't care if you're reading what Isaiah, no, they trusted Isaiah.
They trusted all the prophets.
They trusted everything it said in what we call the Old Testament scriptures, and Paul had carefully walked them through it to where there was no way they could reason themselves out from under it.
And so we say here, if you can't use reason,
use brute force.
That's what they did.
That's frequently the way things turn out in this fallen world.
Religious people, professing Christian people, American professing Christian people give into the allure of getting by force what they cannot get by persuasion.
American Christian involvement
in what has been called the cultural wars over the last 50 years or so, has traded some simple statements of God's word and demonstrations of God's never-ending love for mankind.
Those are the things we should talk about.
What has God said?
What has God done?
How has God shown his love and just state the truth, but American Christians to some degree have traded the power of those statements.
for the kind of power that can come at the ballot box.
Let our votes be the bullets with which we destroy the arguments of the enemy.
And if ballots are the weapons of choice, then it really doesn't matter who cast them.
As long as the Christian goal
is achieved.
Now you notice that Luke reports that these Jewish people, these children of Abraham who didn't buy Paul's biblically based conclusions, they went to the marketplace.
They went to the marketplace and rounded up what Luke calls some bad characters to strengthen their hands and to do for them what they couldn't do by themselves.
That is shut up, Paul,
and Silas, and show them to be wrong.
We'll just get rid of them.
This time though, unlike in Philippi, Paul and Silas escaped harm and poor Jason, who had housed them in his own home, was dragged before the magistrates as some kind of sacrificial lamb.
However, in contrast to what happened in Philippi, here in Thessalonica, Roman law and order prevailed, and Jason was not flagged, flogged, or put into prison.
He was merely presented as a befriender of some dangerous men, and so he was fined, and he was released.
Now, thought-provoking statement six,
contains the charge against Paul and Silas to which Jason was considered an accessory.
And here we go.
Here's what the outraged Jews said to the town officials.
Six, these men, Paul Silas, probably Timothy and Luke as well, these men have caused trouble all over the world.
How did they know that?
They might know what had happened up in Philippi,
and the news might have gotten down there, but they're just expanding it out to say what a troublesome bunch these are.
These men have caused trouble all over the world.
The King James version of the Bible, how many of you were raised on that?
Now let me ask you a serious question.
See how courageous you are.
How many of you have a King James version with you today?
It's okay.
But here's what the King James Version translated that verse, a phrase that has stuck in the church's mind for ever since the King James Version came out in English.
They said in the King James Version, here are the men who have turned the world, what?
Upside down.
That's a more dramatic statement, isn't it, than just saying they've caused trouble all over the world.
Now they've turned this world upside down.
We've incorporated that phrase as the subtitle for our entire series of messages here that we're going through the book of Acts.
The title is The Acts of the Apostle and then the subtitle that we print every week is Turning the World Upside Down.
Now the truth is, as we pointed out last week, the ways of the world and the ways of Christ's church are mutually exclusive.
And indeed they are.
They certainly were for the churches that the Apostle Paul was raising up in the Roman world.
The church of Jesus Christ when it is being the true church of Jesus Christ is one of the most troublesome organizations in the world.
I'm just going to let that sit on you for a while.
Don't raise your hands on this one.
But how many of you have been persuaded in the last couple of years that the last thing we Christians want to be in the world is troublesome?
Churches shouldn't be troublesome.
Churches ought to be joyful, happy places where everybody wants to come and everybody goes home feeling better whether or not they believe in Jesus or not.
But churches certainly be troublesome places and Christians shouldn't bring trouble into this world.
Well, here's some troublesome words that Jesus once said.
Matthew chapter 10 verse 34, do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth.
I have come not to bring peace, but a sword.
Those are some red letter words that we don't usually include in our red letter reading.
See, the truth that comes with the Spirit of Christ, rips and tears like a two-edged sword through all the demonic programs and proclamations that have shaped and controlled the thinking of the people of this fallen world ever since the fall of mankind in the Garden of Eden.
God's truth rips that stuff apart.
churches that are admired and praised by the people of the world are most likely leaving a lot of Christ's truth out of their proclamations.
In recent days, to the shame, really, of us Americans, in recent days a million member fellowship of Methodists in Africa has cut ties
as it were with their American counterparts over the issue of gay clergy and gay marriage.
The American Association says, we embrace it.
The African believers say it's not biblical, and we're going to even have to break fellowship with you.
After all these years, it was an American missionaries who took the gospel
to that land.
It's American missionaries who built and encouraged those churches, many times laid down their lives in service to a lost group of people who have come to faith, many of them.
And here's a million of them that are part of a fellowship, a Christian fellowship who says, if it means cutting like a sword, our ties with our American affiliation.
over a matter of biblical truth.
That biblical truth is what's doing the cutting.
It's not us.
Christ's truth always cuts through man's garbage.
Christ's truth always cuts through people's natural inclinations to just keep everything copacetic.
You see, we would certainly say
could say, along with the protesters in Thessalonica, just Christian truth has the potential to create trouble all over the world, all over the world.
In our homes, in our companies, even in our gatherings that are supposedly and generally religious.
and the United States of America is no longer the great exception to that fact.
Many are the societal practices and the legal standards raised up in this secular land of ours in recent years that violate the clear teachings of Scripture.
Christian truth openly expressed has the possibility and likely the probability
of creating great trouble for people.
Christian truth can cause people to feel guilty.
Christian truth can cause people to feel judged.
Christian truth can create backlash even when it is spoken in love.
For many in our land today, the old line from the music man
Those of you who know that great show, I think of Dick Van Dyke playing the key part in the TV version.
The old line from Music Man tweaked just a little bit, carries a relevant story.
And here's what the main character sings.
You might remember this.
I'm not going to sing it.
We got trouble.
We got trouble right here.
in River City.
We got trouble right here in River City, I could say, the good old USA, and it starts with tea, and it stands for truth.
Truth.
God's revealed truth is indeed a problem, a troublesome thing for many in this land of ours.
This land once felt the only reason to invest in universal public education was so that all Americans could learn to read and to understand and of course obey the Bible.
That's how our public school system began.
Everybody needs to know how to read.
How else can they read the Bible?
How can they learn God's truth?
How can they build their lives around it?
How can our country stay moral and good and strong if the Bible and its truths pass away?
We've got to teach everybody how to read.
That's how our public school system started.
That was the passion behind it.
Trouble.
caused by God's word was not something our founding fathers envisioned.
They thought the more people who know the word of God, the more people who build their lives upon the word of God, the better and better the country will be.
They could have never imagined that God's word would be causing trouble in this land.
But that trouble has come.
Has it not?
Now our seventh thought provoking statement zeros right in upon the main issue of Paul's day, Jesus versus Caesar.
Here's how the protesters put it in that statement.
Number seven, the protesters said they are defying Caesar's decrees.
They are saying that there is another king, one called Jesus.
And we know Jesus is not another king.
He is the king of kings.
Amen.
No one.
No one should exercise more control over our minds and hearts and behavior than the Lord Jesus Christ.
His teachings directly counter many of the teachings of this current world.
There are surely those who would say his teachings and what his church proclaim, some of them at least,
could ruin our company.
They could devastate our country, these so-called teachings of Christ.
They could surely divide our communities.
Indeed, they could.
In fact, they already are.
Are they not?
Christians.
are once again being identified as those whose teachings would turn this fine world of ours upside down.
And that leads to our final thought.
Christ's church does not go looking for a fight.
At the door this morning, we will not outfit you with boxing gloves.
We are not fighters.
We are proclaimers.
And we are proclaiming things that nevertheless cause people distress, that call them to repent and to change and to get right with God.
And if they choose not to do any of those things, they will resist what we are saying.
And they might, yes, fight back.
But Christ's church does not go looking for a fight.
But everywhere they go, they speak fighting words.
Words that people can take issue with.
Words that unbelievers have always taken issue with.
Words that the devil takes issue with and swears against every day that he will destroy those words.
Hide them in a corner somewhere.
Make difficult lives for anyone who believes them.
You see, believers in one way or another, true believers, are always saying in so many different situations.
You know, the Bible tells me, and then they follow on with some statement.
It's not like, I'm telling you you can't.
You're not going after people and say, man, are you messed up?
You've got to change.
No, but it's enough to say God's word that I believe in with all my heart.
God's word that came from the creator of the universe and the one before whom every one of us will someday give account.
God's word tells me and then share something of it.
It's up to them what they do with it.
It's up to them whether the Holy Spirit actually opens their minds and their hearts to receive it.
But if we say it, we know we will be saying things
that will be received by some and rejected strongly by others, and in this day and age might even get us into some kind of trouble.
But can we do that for Christ's sake?
Have not his people been put in trouble through all the centuries simply because they declared, and most of the time declared it with loving intentions, the truth of God.
We need to be committed to it.
I'm declaring it to you now.
Maybe some of you are troubled by what I'm saying this morning.
Love you anyway.
If you want to talk about any of this, let's do that.
Let's bow and prayer, shall we?
Our Heavenly Father, we surely recognize things that I for sure
long decades ago, never thought I would ever have to recognize, not in this Christian nation, not in this good land, not surrounded by the vast numbers of people who profess the very thing I profess, at least generally.
And we read the scripture and we see that spokesman for you
who spoke words that were challenging to their society, got in trouble a lot.
Their lives were threatened.
Their words were challenged and rejected.
Father, in the Old Testament, the prophet says, Lord, we've held all, we've opened up our arms all day to a disobedient people.
And Father, now we too.
To some degree at least, we too, in this country, get the share in what the Church of Jesus Christ has always shared in.
The trouble that comes when you speak for God in a godless world.
And yet, Father, every one of us in this room somewhere along the line had somebody speak that message to us and we accepted it.
We believed it.
We've been nurtured by it.
And now we look back some of us many years upon having tried to live it out in our own lives.
And so far that we know every time we share some of your word, the person we share it to might well embrace it.
And others might reject it and spit on it and perhaps spit on us as well.
But Father, we do it as the saints of old have done.
We do it for Jesus' sake.
And because it's true, and because you are our God, and we live our lives under your direction.
So bless us now, we pray.
This day and through this week, for we ask it in Jesus' name.
We hope this message has inspired you to live the Sun Life together with us.
If you are near Apple Valley, California this weekend, we invite you to join us in person Sunday morning or through our live broadcast.
All the details are on our website at sunlifecommunitychurch.com.